Everyone.
So let's do this next problem.
Which is coins from the Admiralty bygone days, of course.
Yeah.
So the problem is he admitted that it can be a positive number.
So our number especially mentioned there and going to number one by one twin and for each I, when I,
when I is lost, it comes up paired with the plurality of VAT.
So the plurality of so basically by just going out and based on the way the world would have been one
by two.
Then the properties PPA and deals with probability of one minus v eight.
We have been given an edit of Linton for every I get going.
We have plural LIPA which is given to us, which is probability of head eight who throw his stores all
the end coins.
Find forward of having more heads then it's.
Cool.
So input and output is still stored at a should not be greater than ten to the bone nine.
So we should we have to bring answer to the best of ten to the bottom nine places.
He.
Accurately the nine digits after the decimal.
It's a different point.
Yeah.
So what does he say that find the probability of having more heads than.
It's.
So a very simple problem is what will the burden of having more and then pills.
Let's think from the basic bamboo.
It to be had 11.8 so we have 11 going to be no the properties of heads and tails eight.
So how many heads do I want?
I want at least what is buried of having more heads.
Bent is eight.
I want more head then tails and and is odd.
Basically, I can have six heads.
Five tails.
Seven heads or tails it heads you detailed nine heads or tails and then heads, one tails, all 11.
It's eight.
Let's see an example.
Here we have three.
It is 0.3, 0.6 and 0.8.
So we have triple release of all the coins of heads, eight really of heads for three.
What we're going to have is we're going to have at most two heads and one below.
Or what we can have is we can have.
All traits.
So.
So how can we have these two heads and wonders?
So here's a normal example.
We're going to have three, eight and eight.
So either we have two heads, literally, and one tail, or we have to add all we have to it.
Basically, we're going to have this in three V's, right?
Which is actually to church and it's Stitch.
So we have these four ways in which we can have more heads and tools.
And then we finally have to sum all these priorities and bring down the.
Well, the explanation is enough, I guess, and it's a very simple problem.
So how do you find the records in relation of this age to as I already told you.
What we do is we first of all later state it let's make a state and let's to the states is f of a comma.
It's okay.
So all we can do is.
If I go mix it, it means.
That.
Yeah.
Let's take a third variable and in this tutorial you'll learn one new thing that you don't have to always.
Memory is all the arguments in this to get an extra variable, an eraser to the end.
Let's say I Etsuko might be full, but it is that out of the available icons.
I want these maniacs and these magnitudes.
Eight.
What is the probability?
Probability.
Of Egypt.
And it deals.
If I have.
I have.
Coins.
From?
I do.
Eight.
Basically, it is 85 some suffix of coins.
And I want these many heads from those coins and these many days from those coins, then what's the
probability?
Right.
So basically the final answer should be F of zero comma.
It should be looked at.
It should have into eight.
So it can then vary rate.
So let's say it moves from.
And my two plus one, my M.S. and plus one because we won Morehead State.
So if end is our number, so it becomes 11 by two plus one, right?
So it's from and by two plus one to win eight.
So the answer is submission of.
F of zero, which is let's start from the other index.
We have all the coins right now and how many heads we want.
We want each heads and each is going from where to place, when and how many days we have.
So if I have a church then and minus edge will be number of is eight.
So it symbolizes that.
What Leslie will find.
Answer for this is F of zero and by two plus one, comma and minus and by two +18.
So tell me if I have all the points and what is the probability of getting these many heads and these
many kids?
Eight So how can I find this probability of getting some number of heads and some number of tails?
So there are two transitions always, right?
So for any element, i.e. which is like let's say I want the zeroth element first.
So I always do transitions, what are the transitions?
And that it is flipped held or it is flipped?
It's nothing.
It's eight.
So if it is flipped here then it is simply pay into FFI plus one and it is flipped.
And then what does it become?
Let me.
At anti rate.
So what does add to become it edge becomes h minus one because we have got ahead and built into it as
it is or I tell which is one minus V into.
F off.
I presume that from the remaining from the remaining coins, just give me a church and B minus one tails
because I have lived it is pointed and these are only applicable.
So this is only applicable when when I have number of heads remaining, that means head should be greater
than zero.
And this is only applicable when.
I have to intermeeting, which is easier to then, you know, and I'll sum this for all the heads.
Eight.
So what are the heads that I can have?
And two plus one and two plus two and so on.
So for 11 I can have six, seven, eight, nine, ten and 11 it.
What all these are we all kind of write a basic recursive solution and then we'll try to memorize it.
So let's.
Put it in the next part.
Oh, you wait.